This is C source code for a program to do filtered zoom (resize) of 8
and 24-bit raster images.  The program supports arbitrary floating
point scale and translation with independent control of x and y scales,
upsampling (interpolation) or downsampling (decimation), 1-channel
black and white or 3-channel color pictures, overlapping source and
destination windows within the same frame buffer, and separable
filtering with a large choice of filters.  It can also be used for
in-place separable filtering of images.

This directory contains:
    libsys:
	one header file
    libpic:
	Subroutine package for device-independent picture I/O.
	Modify this to add picture I/O capability for your own frame buffers
	and file formats to the pic package and thereby to the zoom program.
	Read the man page pic.3 to learn how.
    zoom:
	Source for the main program zoom, and a set of useful filter routines.
	This code is graphics device independent, so you shouldn't have
	to modify it.

Run "make install" and it should create subdirectories include, lib, and bin,
leaving the zoom program in bin/zoom.  Note that you shouldn't expect this
to compile as is, as it's currently configured to link in the
Silicon Graphics iris library.  Again, see the notes under
"CREATING A DEVICE LIBRARY" in libpic/pic.3

Please email me any enhancements, such as new device libraries for libpic;
I'll collect and redistribute.  (I already have libpic device libraries for
memory frame buffers, various MIT, NYIT, Pixar, Xerox PARC, and UC Berkeley
picture file formats, Sunraster format, Utah raster toolkit RLE format,
a fairly standard dump format, and hp98721 and iris frame buffers,
which I may distribute in the future.)

Paul Heckbert	10 Aug 1989
UC Berkeley
ph@miro.berkeley.edu
-----
Version 1.1
13 December 1998

Modified to handle PNM files (PBM, PGM, PPM for input; PGM/PPM for
output) and compile with a default input file format of PNM.

Rich Thomson <rich.thomson@xmission.com>
-----
Version 1.3
7 January 2001

Modified to support BMP, fixed a PNG bug, ported to VC6.

Rich Thomson <rich.thomson@xmission.com>
