The following is new in Netpbm (compared to Pbmplus):

PBM

pbmtext		BDF font support added.

pbmto4425	Display on an AT&T 4425 Ascii terminal.

pbmtoascii	A new improved version.

pbmtoln03	Convert to DEC LN03+.

pbmtolps	Fast PostScript creator.

pbmtopk		Conversion to/from a packed (PK) format font.
pktopbm

pbmclean	Flip isolated pixels.

pbmpscale	Enlarge pbm image with edge smoothing.


PGM

asciitopgm	Convert an ascii image into pgm.

pbmtopgm	Convert pbm to pgm by averaging areas.

rawtopgm	Handles input files without specification of the file size,
		assuming the input image is quadratic. It also supports a
		-tb (top bottom flip) option.

bioradtopgm	Conversion utility for files created by Biorad confocal
		microscopes.

spottopgm	Convert SPOT satellite images to pgm.

pgmkernel	Generate a convolution kernel.

pgmnoise	Create a pgm file with random pixels.


PPM

bmptoppm	Conversion to/from windows bitmap format.
ppmtobmp

ppmtogif	Updated version.
giftoppm	Removed (see giftopnm).

ppmtoilbm	Updated version.
ilbmtoppm

picttoppm	Updated version.
ppmtopict

ppmtoxpm	Updated version, which supports xpm version 3.
xpmtoppm

ppmtomap	Extract all colours from a ppm file.

ppmtomitsu	Convert to Mitsubishi S340-10 printer format.

xvminitoppm	Convert an XV thumbnail picture to ppm.

ppmtoyuvsplit	Conversion to/from YUV triplets. (MPEG / JPEG).
yuvsplittoppm

ppm3d		Create a red/blue stereo image.

ppmbrighten	Change image saturation and value on an HSV map.

ppmchange	Change all pixels of one colour to another in a portable pixmap

ppmdim		Dim a ppm file down to total blackness.

ppmdist		Simplistic grayscale assignment for machine generated
		colour images.

ppmflash	Brighten a picture up to complete white-out

ppmmix		Blend together two portable pixmaps.

ppmnorm		Normalize the contrast in a portable pixmap.

ppmntsc		Make a portable pixmap look like taken from an American TV.

ppmqvga		Eight plane quantization.

ppmshift	Shift lines of a portable pixmap left or right by a random amount.

ppmspread	Displace a portable pixmap's pixels by a random amount.

ppmtopjxl	Convert a ppm file into an HP PaintJet XL PCL file.


PNM

pnmtops		New option (-nocenter) added.

pnmtofits	Replacement for pgmtofits/fitstopgm
fitstopnm

pnmtosgi	Conversion to/from sgi image format.
sgitopnm

pnmtosir	Conversion to/from Solitaire image recorder format.
sirtopnm

giftopnm	Replaces giftoppm. Examines the input image and produces
		a pbm, pgm, or ppm output.

pstopnm		Convert PostScript to pnm. Requires Ghostscript.

zeisstopnm	Conversion utility for files created by Zeiss confocal
		microscopes (the old standard).

pnmalias	Anti aliasing filter.

pnmcomp		Composite two portable anymaps together.

pnmcrop		New options added.

pnmpad		Add borders to anymap.


LIBTIFF

A new release of libtiff is included. Please read its supporting
documentation.
